In the last lecture we learned how we can subscribe to your parents to update them or to react to any
changes to them.
Update our page.
If you already are on that page and we set up this subscription using observables and this works fine
and you don't have to change anything here.
I want to bring something to your attention though the fact that you don't have to add anything else
to this component here simply because angler does something for you in the background which is super
important.
It cleans up the subscription you set up here whenever a disk component is destroyed because if it wouldn't
do it as what are you doing here you're subscribing to parameter changes and let's say you then leave
this component and later you come back.
Well once you left this component will be destroyed.
And when you come back a new one will be created but this subscription here will always live on in memory
because it's not closely tied to your component.
So if the component is destroyed the subscription won't now it will be here because angler handles this
destroying of the subscription for you.
But theoretically you might want to implement or destroy lifecycle hook importing it from an angler
coord.
Therefore you have to implement Engy on the stroy and then you could store this subscription year in
some property.
Let's name it.
Parents subscription which will be of type subscription and subscription needs to be imported from our
exchange as subscription.
Our exchange says Chayefsky package offering all these observables functionality as I mentioned it's
not shipping with angular but angler is using this package.
So this type of subscription is parents subscription property is now bound to this subscription we're
setting up year when calling subscribe to returns us as subscription.
And once the component gets destroyed we could now access to subscription and unsubscribe.
And again because it's important you don't have to do this you can leave it as it was before because
Engler will do this for you regarding these Raut observables.
But if you add your own observables and it will come back to this in the observable section following
this section you have to unsubscribe on your own.
And I just wanted to bring it to your attention because it's always super important to understand what's
happening behind the scenes.
Again it's not necessary here but it doesn't hurt to also do it manually to here.
It won't add anything back to your app but doing it like this.